When would I want to create remote repository rather than keeping all files locally.
  it's useful when working on a big projects
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having GitHub automatically stay up-to-date with you remote repository?
	Because there could be some changes I've done, and they may conflict with some changes someone else has done.

3.Describe differencies between fork, clones and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	- forks are useful when downloading someone else's work (repository) and working with them without affecting original repository (files). I could also contribute to the original repository if my work is accepted.
	- clones are used when just coping other people's work (repo) to my local machine. 
	- branches - use them when taking other direction (experimental) without affecting master branch - .

4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of your remote stored locally?
    By fetching and storing last known state of remote locally I can first look at changes presented in the remote and then decide about merging/changing/pulling etc. I can adjust my commits before pushing and merging them to avoid complicating conflicts.
5. How would you collaborate without using GitHub? What would be easier and what would be harder?
    Easier? Can't figure out what it could be.
    Harder? Sure, the most difficult would be to track changes made and revert back if necessary. It would be disaster to track changes of many people and keep all them in mind.
6. When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in a master? What benefits does each approach have? 
    Making changes in a separate branch allows me to experiment. I can make pull request (i.e. offer others to accept and merge) without touching master. It's kind of complicating approaches, but it's worth it if there is good chance of forthcoming adjustments in the code. 
    On the other hand, making changes directly in a master is quick. I would use it when there is good chance my changes won't require any dramatic changes. 